README.md, before:

Welcome to the public version of KraxBot!
==============

#### Warning! This project will be put on hold until DASH-E 3.0 is complete and then this will be based off that!

About
--------------
This is based off version 2.0 of DASH-E.
This will **not** be updated as often.

Pre-built executables
--------------
On the way!

Running from source
--------------
Make sure you have Node 0.12.x installed.

Node can be installed on Debian based distros (Ubuntu, Mint etc.) with `apt-get install nodejs`

Also install these modules to Node.

**Required:**
steam request

Steam 0.6.8 is required.
Older and newer versions aren't supported at this time.
The main bot will get a port to the newest version first, followed by this one!

Configuration
--------------
(TODO!)
Run create-settings.js and edit settings.json

Running
--------------
You run the bot by executing this command in a terminal `node kraxbot.js`

Usage
--------------
Invite the bot to any chatroom or group chat and it will auto-join.
Commands and usage of them can be found in the wiki.

Commit message:

This is now legacy stuff

README.md, after:

# WARNING: [This project has been moved to here and remade from scratch.](https://github.com/KraXarN/KraxbotOSS) Please use that instead!

Welcome to the public version of KraxBot!
==============

#### Warning! This project will be put on hold until DASH-E 3.0 is complete and then this will be based off that!

About
--------------
This is based off version 2.0 of DASH-E.
This will **not** be updated as often.

Pre-built executables
--------------
On the way!

Running from source
--------------
Make sure you have Node 0.12.x installed.

Node can be installed on Debian based distros (Ubuntu, Mint etc.) with `apt-get install nodejs`

Also install these modules to Node.

**Required:**
steam request

Steam 0.6.8 is required.
Older and newer versions aren't supported at this time.
The main bot will get a port to the newest version first, followed by this one!

Configuration
--------------
(TODO!)
Run create-settings.js and edit settings.json

Running
--------------
You run the bot by executing this command in a terminal `node kraxbot.js`

Usage
--------------
Invite the bot to any chatroom or group chat and it will auto-join.
Commands and usage of them can be found in the wiki.
